Add back in the draft migration information (#635)
Qiskit/qiskit-ibm-runtime: docs/migrate/migrate-guide.rst

algorithms.

.. raw:: html

   </details>

.. raw:: html

  <details>
  <summary>Which primitive should I use?</summary>

When choosing which primitive to use, we first need to understand
whether our algorithm is supposed to use a quasi-probability
distribution sampled from a quantum state (a list of
quasi-probabilities), or an expectation value of a certain observable
with respect to a quantum state (a real number).

A probability distribution is often of interest in optimization problems
that return a classical bit string, encoding a certain solution to a
problem at hand. In these cases, we might be interested in finding a bit
string that corresponds to a ket value with the largest probability of
being measured from a quantum state, for example.

An expectation value of an observable could be the target quantity in
scenarios where the knowledge of a quantum state is not relevant. This
often occurs in optimization problems or chemistry applications, where
the extremal energy of a system is to be discovered, for example.

.. raw:: html

   </details>

.. raw:: html

  <details>
  <summary>Which parts of my code do I need to refactor?</summary>

> Replace all dependencies on ``QuantumInstance`` and ``Backend`` with the
> implementation of the ``BaseEstimator``, ``BaseSampler``, or both
> primitives from the ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace all dependencies on ``QuantumInstance`` and ``Backend`` with  ``Estimator``, ``Sampler``, or both
primitives from the ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library.
```

"the implementation of the ``BaseEstimator``" is just `Estimator`

It is also possible to use local implementations, as shown in the
`Amplitude estimation use case <migrate-e2e#amplitude>`__.

Notably, for common scenarios it is not necessary to handle backends
differently nor to construct expressions for expectation values
manually.
.. raw:: html

   </details>

> 

Reviewer: This part doesn't render correctly in the generated doc

.. _migrate-code:

Migrate code
--------------------------------------------

We have identified key patterns of behavior and use cases with code examples to help you migrate code to Qiskit
Runtime.

.. note::

   The key to writing an equivalent algorithm using Qiskit Runtime primitives is to remove all dependencies on ``QuantumInstance`` and ``Backend`` and replacing them with the implementation of the Estimator, Sampler, or both primitives from the ``qiskit_ibm_runtime`` library.

It is also possible to use local implementations, as shown in the

> `Amplitude estimation use case <migrate-e2e#amplitude.html>`__.

Reviewer: These two sentences are repeats of lines 123-128.

Notably, for common scenarios it is not necessary to handle backends
differently nor to construct expressions for expectation values
manually.

The following topics are use cases with code migration examples:

* `Use Estimator in an algorithm <migrate-estimator.html>`__
* `Use Sampler in an algorithm <migrate-sampler.html>`__
* `Use Estimator and Sampler in an algorithm <migrate-est-sam.html>`__
* `Update parameter values while running <migrate-update-parm.html>`__
* `Primitive-based routines <migrate-prim-based.html>`__
* `End-to-end example <migrate-e2e.html>`__

Related links
-------------

* `Use Estimator in an algorithm <../tutorials/how-to-getting-started-with-estimator>`__

> * `Use Sampler in an algorithm <../tutorials/how-to-getting-started-with-sampler>`__

Reviewer: I think you meant to call them "Getting started with...", otherwise they'd have the same text as lines 158&159.
